hello everyone welcome to movieverse
today we're gonna talk about a fantasy
movie titled fantastic beasts and where
to find them
watch out for some spoilers ahead
the film opens in 1926 the dark wizard
named keller grindelwald is terrorizing
the magical community the witches and
wizards from all over the world are on
high alert as he is preparing to launch
his next attack
somewhere else a young wizard and
zoologist named newt scamander travels
from london to new york city with a
briefcase full of magical creatures
when he arrives in the city his case is
inspected by a customs official but nude
is able to hide the magic from muggle
eyes
some men are inspecting a building
downtown that has been ravaged the ur
slash a member of an elite unit of
highly trained wizard named percival
graves comes by to see the damage
an unseen force runs underground and
destroys part of the street
as he walks through the city newt comes
across with mary lou barebone a
fundamentalist and leader of the second
salemers an anti-magic group with her
adopted children credence modesty and
chastity she spreads a hateful message
toward magic folk and how they need to
be exterminated as she tries to get newt
to join her a niffler escapes from his
case when it sees a shiny silver coin
it makes its way into the bank forcing
newt to go after it inside the bank newt
meets a factory worker named jacob
kovalsky who is there to secure a loan
for a bakery he wants to open up
newt runs off when he sees the niffler
and he leaves an okami egg behind that
jacob picks up
newt goes for the niffler while jacob
meets with a bank employee to get the
loan but since he uses baked goods as
collateral instead of actual currency he
is denied
before nuke can grab the niffler jacob
notes that the egg is hatching newt uses
his wand to pull jacob toward him which
is seen by an american which named
porpentina goldstein
newt and jacob find the niffler in the
bank fault just as the bank employee
catches them
newt petrifies him and gets the niffler
to drop all the things it stole before
he apparates himself and jacob out of
the bank
newt prepares to obliviate jacob and
wipe his memories but jacob grabs his
case and hits newt in the face before
running off
tina catches nude and takes him with her
after seeing what he's been carrying
newt is arrested for being an
unregistered wizard in new york he is
brought before the magical congress of
the united states called makusa that
leads by the aura named seraphina
pickery tina brought nude in hopes that
she will regain her position as an auror
but when the briefcase is revealed to
only be baked goods newt is released
meanwhile jacob brings newt's case into
his apartment and accidentally opens it
setting loose a few of the creatures
including the niffler
mary lou is seen operating an orphanage
wherein she teaches children about the
evils of the magical community
modesty sings songs about killing
witches while credence suffers physical
and emotional abuse from mary lou
she takes the children to meet langdon
shaw brother of senator henry shaw jr
langdon then brings mary lou and the
kids to meet henry and their father
henry senior but both he and the senator
dismissed the bare bones as freaks which
appears to hurt credence
credence then meets in secrecy with
graves who needs credence's help in
locating a child with immense powers
with the promise that he'll help
credence get away from his current
situation
newt and tina find jacob's building
which has been partially destroyed
jacob has been attacked by a mertlap
which has scratched his neck
newt grabs the creature and throws him
back into his case while repairing the
apartment
he and tina take jacob with them away
from the apartment
the three go to tina's home that she
shares with her younger sister queenie
who is an expert legilimens
jacob is immediately smitten with her
and queenie can see it but she doesn't
mind newt and jacob go to rest in their
rooms but newt hops inside his briefcase
and invites jacob to join him
newt gives jacob a treatment for his
neck wound and then shows him the
various habitats made for the creatures
that dwell in there
newt shows jacob a thunderbird named
frank which newt claims is the main
reason he traveled to america so he can
bring frank to his natural habitat in
arizona
jacob comes across a particularly dark
entity encased in a bubble called an
obscurial which newt orders jacob to
stay away from
he then asks for jacob's help in
retrieving the missing creatures
jacob agrees
newt and jacob go on the town and find
the niffler trying to swindle a jewelry
store
newt chases the niffler throughout the
store while causing significant damage
to the whole place
the cops arrive as newt catches it the
cops are distracted when they see a lion
walking through the streets giving newt
a chance to apparate himself and jacob
out of there
the guys continue walking through the
city and see other zoo animals running
loose
they see another creature the rumpant is
wandering around
newt gives jacob a helmet in preparation
for catching the beast while newt goes
off and does a bizarre mating dance to
lure the beast toward him the erumpen
sees jacob and goes after him but newt
manages to pull it back into the
briefcase
tina who is gone looking for the guys
after seeing they weren't in their rooms
sees them catching the earumba
a conference is held for senator shaw
and part of his bid for presidency
a rumbling shakes the entire building
before an unseen and powerful force
sweeps through the place before grabbing
shaw and slamming him to the floor
killing him
henry senior goes over to his son's body
while langdon knows it's the work of
witches
tina brings newt's briefcase to the
macusa as they are gathered with other
witches and wizards from around the
world in the wake of shaw's death
tina opens the briefcase to let newt and
jacob out
when the aurors learn that an obscurial
was responsible for shaw's death and
that newt and tina have led jacob who
was a no major become aware of their
world graves confiscates the briefcase
and has the three arrested
graves interrogates newt about the
obscurial in his briefcase believing him
to be a fanatic of grindelwalds in his
agenda to put the magical community
above the non-magic community through
murderous means grave sentences newt and
tina to death queenie overhears this as
she red tina's mind
while locked up moot explains to tina
and jacob that an obscurial is a dark
force created out of a magical child's
suppression to their powers
the children who conjure up the
obscurials also don't live past the age
of 10.
newt and tina are brought into a room
where they are to be placed into a pool
that will kill them one of the witches
extracts some of tina's memories which
show her as a child and another in which
she is seen attacking mary lou and then
trying to comfort credence
before tina is killed newt unleashes one
of the creatures in the room to escape
with tina
when queenie shows up they get jacob and
she sneaks them out in the briefcase
at the bare bone home credence is
growing more and more unstable
he finds a wand in modesty's room which
mary lou sees and thinks belongs to him
she gets ready to beat him again until
modesty admits the wand was hers the
obscurial then gets loose and kills mary
lou before destroying the rest of the
house leaving only credence and modesty
as survivors
graves later finds credence and urges
him to find modesty since graves now
believes she is the child that he
foresaw
newt tina jacob and queenie go to a
magic speakeasy in harlem called the
blind pig
they talked to the owner a goblin
gangster named narlack for information
on finding the last missing beast a
demiguise that newt named dougal
narlach wants something to trade and he
has his eyes set on a little bow truckl
resting in newt's jacket pocket
newt reluctantly hands over the
bowtruckle which reaches out for noon
narlac tells them to go searching in a
macy's
almost immediately narlack reveals that
he sold the heroes out to the macusa who
come in and start going after the heroes
jacob punches narlach in the face before
they have to escape
the heroes go to the macy's and find
dougal who is looking after an okami
hiding up on the ceiling
it causes trouble in the store for the
heroes but newt tells jacob and tina to
get an insect and a teapot
jacob gets a roach and tina grabs a
teapot so jacob tosses the roach into
the teapot allowing them to catch the
okami as it shrinks and is caught in the
teapot
inside the briefcase queenie sees a
picture of a girl named little estranged
who has an old connection to newt
he doesn't want to talk about it as
their relationship seems to have ended
poorly
graves and credence find modesty in her
old family home
when graves makes it clear that he will
not help credence his rage intensifies
and it turns out that he is the one who
has been possessed by the obscurial his
advanced age has allowed him to build up
so much power making him the most
powerful obscurial alive
creedence sets off on the city streets
leaving a trail of destruction behind
him
newt goes after credence since he knows
the oars will kill him without knowing
the truth about him he tracks cretins to
an underground subway station and tries
to sue them back into his normal form
as graves and the auras all arrive
credence returns to his obscurial form
although newt and tina try to urge the
oars to let them handle credence pickery
orders them to kill cretans they fire
their wands at credence and destroy them
graves then berates the oars for their
rules and handling of the magical and
non-magical communities
pickery orders graves to hand over his
wand and surrender but he defies her and
fights the aurors
he is able to protect himself against
their blasts but he is subdued by newt
and is bound
newt uses the rebellio charm on graves
revealing him to be in fact none other
than grindelwald
he is promptly arrested
newt uses frank to take a potion into
the sky so that it can reign over the no
majest and obliviate them
pickery thanks newt for what he did but
also reminds him that jacob has to be
obliviated as well since there are no
exceptions
jacob tearfully says goodbye to new tina
and queenie then asked it why he let him
stick around
newt says he likes jacob and thinks of
him as a friend
jacob stands in the rain but queenie
steps in with her wand to create an
umbrella to kiss jacob
when he opens his eyes the three are
gone
jacob returns to his old factory job
still unhappy with where he is
newt bumps into him and drops a
briefcase full of okami eggs and a note
explaining this so that jacob can use it
as collateral to open his bakery
newt leaves to go back to london and
says goodbye to tina at the harbour
he promises to return with a manuscript
of his book so he can personally give it
to tina
a while later jacob's bakery business is
booming as he has fashioned his pastries
to look like some of the beasts he
vaguely remembers encountering queenie
visits the shop
jacob sees her and appears to remember
her a little
thanks for watching
subscribe watch video like this
turn on the notification and leave a
like has really helped the channel out